Highlight multiple contexts in private images doc [CIRCLE-29510] (#4753)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/private-images.md

Starting [November 1, 2020](https://www.docker.com/blog/scaling-docker-to-serve-millions-more-developers-network-egress/), Docker Hub will impose rate limits based on the originating IP.  Since CirlceCI runs jobs from a shared pool of IPs, it is highly recommended to use authenticated Docker pulls with Docker Hub to avoid rate limit problems.

> For the [Docker]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/executor-types/#using-docker) executor, specify username and password in the `auth` field of your [config.yml]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/configuration-reference/) file.  To protect the password, place it in a [context]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/contexts).  Note that CircleCI supports multiple contexts, which is a great way modularize secrets ensuring jobs only access the secrets they need.  Using per-project Environment Variable is another (less flexible) option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the [Docker]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/executor-types/#using-docker) executor, specify username and password in the `auth` field of your [config.yml]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/configuration-reference/) file. To protect the password, place it in a [context]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/contexts). Note that CircleCI supports multiple contexts, which is a great way modularize secrets ensuring jobs only access the secrets they need. Using per-project Environment Variable is another (less flexible) option.
```

> For the [Docker]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/executor-types/#using-docker) executor, specify username and password in the `auth` field of your [config.yml]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/configuration-reference/) file.  To protect the password, place it in a [context]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/contexts).  Note that CircleCI supports multiple contexts, which is a great way modularize secrets ensuring jobs only access the secrets they need.  Using per-project Environment Variable is another (less flexible) option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the [Docker]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/executor-types/#using-docker) executor, specify username and password in the `auth` field of your [config.yml]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/configuration-reference/) file.  To protect the password, place it in a [context]({{ site.baseurl }}/2.0/contexts).  

**Note:** CircleCI supports multiple contexts, which is a great way modularize secrets, ensuring jobs only access the secrets they need.  Using per-project Environment Variables is another, less flexible, option.
```

Reviewer 2: just a suggestion to draw attention to the note
